# snowpack-multi-framework

> Snowpack example of React, Svelte, and Vue running simultaneously and sharing state.

## Instructions for building from scratch

- Use create-snowpack-app with minimal template.

```
npx create-snowpack-app my-repo-name --template @snowpack/app-template-minimal
```

- Install dependencies and devDependencies.

```
npm i react react-dom svelte vue
npm i @snowpack/plugin-svelte @snowpack/plugin-vue -D
```

- Add installed plugins to snowpack.config.js.
- Update index.html to include root elements.
- Create components for each framework. (In this example, minimal "App" and a "Button" components were created for each framework.)
- Update index.js to include render code for each framework. (In this case, "App" components for each, then a simple button.)
- Create shared state and insure it gets passed down. (In this case, we are using an "onChange" event and counter variable.)

---

## Section below generated by Create Snowpack App

## New Project

> ✨ Bootstrapped with Create Snowpack App (CSA).

## Available Scripts

### npm start

Runs the app in the development mode.
Open http://localhost:8080 to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### npm run build

Builds a static copy of your site to the `build/` folder.
Your app is ready to be deployed!

**For the best production performance:** Add a build bundler plugin like [@snowpack/plugin-webpack](https://github.com/snowpackjs/snowpack/tree/main/plugins/plugin-webpack) or [snowpack-plugin-rollup-bundle](https://github.com/ParamagicDev/snowpack-plugin-rollup-bundle) to your `snowpack.config.json` config file.

### Q: What about Eject?

No eject needed! Snowpack guarantees zero lock-in, and CSA strives for the same.
